I mean, dude.
Do you remember when we used to think that nobody could beat Tyson? Yeah.
Remember dude, when we were little, when we were young,
um, we thought, I, I think it was like, when did he lose 86?
Did he lose in like 1986 to bust Douglas? Yeah. What year was that? 90, 89,
90 Google that, um, he moved,
he did it while it was,
I was definitely doing comedy at the time and I definitely saw it with my
friend Ron after the fact February 11th, 1990, 1990.
So from that point on,
we knew he could lose <laugh> before that every Tyson fight, like man,
I'm I gotta bother watching. Why do people won't even wanna fight that guy?
They're just getting killed? What were the odds of him winning like 40 to 42?
I think 42 to one somebody got paid. Somebody got paid some crazy number.
I think it was 42. I think it was one of the highest underdogs ever that won.
Yeah. 42 42. And he won by knockout. Buster Douglas was fed.
Fantastic back then, man. He him up. Huh? Well dude,
Buster Douglas is a crazy example of a guy who always had a tremendous amount of
talent. He was always regarded as like people that were in the know in boxing
I'd, you know,
heard them talk about him and they would always talk about how smooth he was in
training. And when he's at his best,
he's a literally like a world championship fighter,
but he never totally put it together in far as far as his discipline and
training camp.
But then his mom died and he decided he was gonna Mike Tyson up for his mother.
And he trained really, really hard.
So it was a perfect storm of Mike Tyson being king in the world. You know,
he's just everybody up. Doesn't even feel like he has to train anymore.
He's just, just being, he's just being the world heavyweight champion.
That's what, that's what they're like.
The reason why they become that guy in the first place is cuz they have this
ability to indulge and excess and go crazy.
He's buying tigers and Lamborghini and. And along the way,
Buster Douglas for that fight trained like a demon and still, almost lost,
still, almost lost.
That's how good Tyson was when Tyson was in his prime as a knockout artist,
he was so lethal that even though Buster Douglas and him fought and Buster
Douglas eventually wound up knocking him out.
He knocked him out after Mike Tyson knocked Buster Douglas and had him hurt.
And Don king after the fight, even protested and said that the,
the count was more than 10. And that when Buster Douglas was down,
the referee gave him extra couple seconds to recover that he shouldn't have had.
I remember that was like a, a big protest after the fight. But even then,
I mean, we, even with training,
you know B not taking this guy seriously at all,
even then Mike Tyson still knocked Buster Douglas down and almost knocked him
out with one punch. What roundm did he knock him out? Buster Douglas?
Not the longest, not the longest Tyson fight he ever had. Right? I,
no he's had decisions. He had decisions. Yeah.
I think he had a decision against bone crusher Smith.
Video here has both, both knockdowns, uh, simultaneous.
So you can see like the different 10 counts, I guess. Okay.
Let's see it. Boom. He cl he clipped him in an uppercut, right?
There's 3, 4, 8. He's he's only on three on the left.
He's like I'm five or six on the right. Oh, that's so.
Different. <laugh> oh, that's so different.
He was counting me rub number out there. Yeah. Yeah. Oh man.
And it was the end of the round. Yeah, it was the very end of the round.
So Buster got a break. So look that that's that's just how go, go,
go to the very beginning again, please. Five, six seconds.
Go to the very beginning again so I can see the punch here.
It's sit right there. Yeah. Boom. Look at that. Uppercut.
That's a beautiful uppercut Tyson. Nailed him with
2,
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 7, 9, 10. You're out. You're.
Out bust. Yeah. He is only on eight on Buster there. No, he's.
Out. He's out. Like do that again. <laugh> that seems like he's out, right?
Doesn't it? Yeah. Let's try it again. Ready? Boom. He goes down
1,
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. He's out. Someone distracted him on number eight.
Yeah. Does that stop the count? Is that how that works? It was a longer,
it was a longer pause. Is that how works a split second.
When he turns around and go away, watch the.
6, 7, 8 on Mike Tyson here.
There's 5, 6, 7, 7, 8, 8.
Just like nine real 10. Yeah. That guy's way quicker. Is that the same guy?
Yeah, the same rapper. Oh, that's ridiculous. Dude. You suck at counting.
<laugh> <laugh> he was counting in Spanish with the other one.
That's a crazy hard job, man. You're in the middle of the moment, you know,
there's all this hype going on. Didn't pay the least the out. Yeah.
But it's the same guy because, uh, it's the same fight. So how,
how does the same guy count real slow for busted Douglas and
way faster for Mike Tyson?
The description of the video says this clearly demonstrates that he gave him
both the exact same amount of time. Oh really? That's not what I thought.
We saw. Let's try that again. Let's try that again. Let's count for Tyson.
We'll count for Tyson first. Ready? Tyson goes down. Boom.
What a combination bust. Douglasson two three' clock.
4, 4, 5, 6. She's gonna 12 seconds.
8,
9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14.
He got knocked on a ride around 50 on the, on the clock. On the screen.
You can see it. And.
How many seconds was it? Uh.
He picked him up at 38 is when he knocked him.
Was actually in there 51 okays like 13 seconds.
Yeah. Or
5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
They're both out. Yeah. They're both out. They called it either way.
You wanted the, the, the counting's definitely slower on Buster Douglas,
but they're definitely both out. But either way,
if you said then I bet butts, but instead of, you know, four,
if you've sped the count up by a second,
you don't thinkbuster or Douglas could have gotten up quicker.
I bet he could have. I mean, he was waiting for the guy to hit eight.
So he stands up. Right. Which what you do, you,
you take as much time as you can, especially after you got legitimately hurt,
like that. You're supposed to do that. So the, the question, like,
would he have been able to,
if the guy had counted a little quicker and you know,
eight came where seven was or six was, would he have been able to?
I think he probably would've.
The question is would a Tyson have been able to get to him with one punch before
the bell that might have knocked him out? Yeah. You know? Okay. Fight. You.
Get him back up again. And it's three extra seconds.
It Tyson storms forward connects with a punch Tyson Hass,
two head shots with a faceal dude. Crazy shots. There's this guy right here.
Watch. Watch the white glove. Is he? The official counter is the afraid. The,
the official count. This guy. That's the finger bro. He's countingous his,
nickname's the finger really? Well. He counts way faster. Watch him.
Let's watch the finger. What? 2, 3, 4.
And that's the last him,
but 7, 8, 8, 9, 9, 10. Oh yeah.
By the fingers. Count that dude's out. They're both out cold.
I'm going with the finger forever. Captain white glove. Michael Jackson.
They' counting Michael Jackson. That's what it is. We go with Mike magician.
Yeah, man. That's uh, that was a insane fight though,
because you couldn't believe Mike Tyson could lose. Even when I watched it,
I remember I heard about it first and then I watched it and I still remember
thinking, I can't believe what I'm watching.
He's gonna get up and he's gonna knock this dude out for sure.
Shouldn't believe he lost. It was like, it's over then.
You couldn't believe that he could lose. Well,
that's people don't understand today.
There's never been one that was as dominant for as like a scary
moment in like boxing history than Mike Tyson.
Because even though you knew Roy Jones was gonna up whoever he fought. Yeah.
The way he was gonna off, he even knocked him out with one punch it.
Wasn't gonna be this horrific storming by a destroyer.
Just common out. After your soul, Roy Jones would box your face off,
hit you with lead lead, left hooks and straight right hands.
That are way faster than anything you can duck. He would people up,
but he would people up with a certain style and movement and speed.
Whereas Tyson would just destroy,
like hitting you like mugging you at the same time, man. It's like all anger.
So fast. The hood in you. And he was solid, like sledgehammer,
220 pounds, but moved like 160 pound guy. Like you couldn't believe it.
At the time,
there had never been a heavyweight like him before there was heavyweights that
that moved amazing. Like Ali,
Ali had the most amazing footwork of anybody just smooth and flowing and change
what the game was, was in front of people. This, the ropey dope.
There's a crazy video of Ali that, uh, someone had on their, uh,
Instagram page.
One of those boxing pages where he's fighting someone and the guy throws
2, 3, 4 punches of the,
and Ollie's got his hands down and just barely moving his head away with each
punch, just like, you can't hit me. He just had a, there was a,
a magic about what he was doing that you were like,
how is a heavyweight moving like that? Tyson jab too.
Tyson was a totally different kind of strategy, you know? And there,
those strategies will be argued to the end of time, like what would've happened.
If Mike Tyson had a thought, Muhammad Ali bolt in their primes,
what would've happened, man? What would've happened? It would've been crazy.
I'll tell you that.
If we had Mike Tyson and his very best before went completely crazy.
And he started giving out rolls Royces to cops and walking around with his tiger
at his underwear before all that stuff before biting yearsought. Yeah.
Before for sure. Before biters, the biters thing was when you know,
a Vander was, you know, when a Vander beat him in that first fight,
no one could believe it. No one could believe it.
Even though Tyson had lost tobuster Douglas,
everybody assumed that Tyson lost because he hadn't been training and he really
hadn't been, been focused.
And then when he went to jail and came outta jail and he looked jacked,
remember? Yeah. He looked way more jacked. He had a ridiculous six pack.
You remember that tattoo on his face son? No,
he got the tattoo on his face afterwards, right? Yeah. After jail,
I think he got the tattoo on his face in jail. Right? I don't think so.
I think he had mal tattooed on his arm.
What does this say here? Mike Tyson opens up. Oh,
that was when he got arrested by that Joe though. Joe ourio guy.
He had to do time in that Arizona.
He was living in Arizona for a while and he had to do that, Joe ourpy.
When they make you wear pink, you get pink handcuffs on. And
dude Mike Tyson though, when he was in his prime,
like that was when he just got outta jail.
That was the Mike Tyson fresh outta jail, like just jacked.
That was 95 first fight after release. That was against, uh,
some unfortunate white fella that looks like he would be, uh, what was his name?
Peanut mcnely yes. Peter mcnely. Oh, tough guy.
Just wasn't the video of him talking to hype up. The fight is hilarious.
If you go watch it now. No, he's hilarious. He was like, uh,
a guy who would be carrying the money bag. <laugh>
he'd be a guy that you would say bring him to Peter and Peter would break your
face. Hey, you owe money. But boom. <laugh>
he was uh, a Irish guy. I remember him. Give me some volume. Jim gray,
looking young. And Dappper for just a moment. Before you go out into the ring,
your thoughts. Look at young Joey, Mike Tyson. Look at him. This is for
my grandfathers.
My grandmothers, my father,
my mother curly,
my three brothers last but not least snobby,
snobby.
Left hand.
For snoy. Mr. Mcnely. What was it that you have told your son? Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa. It lasted, but not least Medfield.
Medfield. Massachusettss in the house. Isn't that a guy from Medfield?
That, that is a guy from Medfield. If you've ever been to Medfield,
Massachusetts. No disrespect. That makes.
Yo.
Lovos in the house. Dochester that's hilarious.
Low, tough. Yeah. Lowell. Lowell's a big one, man. Loth hardcore Mickey ward.